Out Of Office
======================
Out Of Office is an who assist users to find their ideal venue to work outside based on weather and their location.
Our audience are freelancers, digital nomads, travelers and dreamers.

## Description
The app use Google Maps API to find their location, and FourSquare API to locate the ideal venue to work (based on pre-built lists curated by the 'out of office' developers) and OpenWeather Api to direct the users for indoor or outdoor places based on weather. 


## Usage Instructions
Every time a user go into the website he needs to allow the use of location and confirm their location so the app can display all venues recommendations curated for him. Recommendations lists is followd by current weather condition, highets and lowest degrees on that day, and random inspirational quote + random clothing recommendation generated by todays weather. 

## Future
While the app currently covers the 5 boroughs of NYC, in the future we want to expand and be available to more cities and countries. in addition, we believe the 'whole package' contain a display of clothing suggestions images and/or retails where our users can actually buy the right clothing for their weather and location condition.   

## Contribution
Create a fork of the project into your own reposity. Make all your necessary changes and create a pull request with a description on what was added or removed and details explaining the changes in lines of code. If approved, project owners will merge it.

